Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
We have no time to waste
with words or councils.
I assigned Sahinshah Bey as
the commander of my army...
to conquer Bursa
as soon as possible.
-How so?
-From now on.
Alaeddin Bey is in charge
of leading the whole beylic.
He will be my shadow on
our land within our borders.
Dumrul. Balaban.
Take alps with you and burn down all
the ports. lighthouses and beaches around.
Neither food nor a single grain of
wheat. neither a soldier nor an army...
will come to Bursa
from Constantinople.
-Go!
-As you order. my Bey.
-As you order. my Bey!
-Let's go!
We'll be late for
the council. brother.
I said we'd prefer hunting
rather than a council.
The hunt turned out to be
more fruitful than the council.
Let's get to the tribe quickly.
We will give Osman Bey the great
news and capture Bursa next.
-Let's go. Come on.
-Come on!
Obviously. she can
feel the coming storm.
See? She doesn't
know what to do.
Well... Her husband
lost the battle.
And he didn't join the council.
This is not good at all.
Congratulations. Alaeddin.
Thank you. my Bey.
=Mother.
-What is it. mother?
Gonca Hatun.
Osman Bey gave Alaeddin Bey all the rule of the
beylic. Sogut. Inegol and all the other lands.
Thanks to Allah.
Finally. Alaeddin
got what he deserves.
When did we not give Alaeddin what he
deserved? Why are you saying that Gonca?
What about Orhan Bey?
Osman Bey dismissed
Orhan Bey from his duty.
My father is in charge
of the siege now.
How could they make such a
decision without Orhan Bey?
Did no Beys support him?
-Nobody?
-Enough.
The final word hasn't
been spoken yet.
It seems mother has forgotten
who says th final word.
She feels sorry for a son but she can't even think
about being happy for her another son Alaeddin.
Do you think Malhun discriminates
between her sons. Gonca?
Alaeddin deserved
this title years ago.
But we kept silent. Nilufer.
See? You be ame a fireball in case of
the first decision against your husband.
Alaeddin already
deserved this title.
And he got his title
fairly like he deserved.
Thanks to Allah.
What about Orhan Bey?
Is it appropriate that all th efforts and
achievements of Orhan Bey are being ignored?
Did Orhan Bey get victorious
on his own. Nilufer Hatun?
Didn't all the beys help him?
Didn't Sahinshah Bey fight beside
him and dodge the death many times?
I appreciate that.
The council's
decision makes it clear.
They showed how much they
supported him in the first defeat.
Sahinshah Bey. go to the
headquarters immediately.
Keep alps and beys in order.
It an honor for me to carry out
the duty you gave me. Osman Bey.
Thank you.
May Allah help
you be victorious.
Does anyone have
something to say ..
Before the council is over?
Do I have permission. Osman Bey?
May my words be
heard as the
words of Mother Haime who once ruled
in this chair and led many Kayi commanders.
Council is the place of ounseling. It ends
only when the words to say are finished.
I have words to say.
You have a place in the council
and power in the tribe. Malhun Hatun.
Go ahead.
My words are for Orhan Bey
who got dismissed from his duty.
Mother.
What are you doing?
Your tongu may keep silent about your brother
But don't expect me to do the same. Alaeddin Bey.
-Mother.
-Alaeddin.
It seems Malhun Hatun isn't
pleased with what she has heard.
It's not about
what I have heard.
It's about what Orhan
hasn't heard yet.
Not a single word has been said about the fact
that his duty he devoted his life and years to...
has been taken away from him.
It was my order Malhun Hatun.
Your order is my
command my Bey.
When the council is over.
Neither the ouncil nor
the words are over yet.
Didn't even a single one of yours
defend Orhan Bey in this council??
I'm asking you. Beys.
His brother has got mute.
Even his right hand Sahinshah Bey got
frustrated with the defeat in the last battle.
What about you?
Is this how you
show your fellowship?
Couldn't one of you think that the Bey's
decision should be said to Orhan Bey's face?
Why didn't you mention that?
Was it this hard to defend Orhan
Bey who you fought with for years?
Show us. hatun. Where is he?
So I can say it to his face too.
Where is Orhan Bey hatun?
Shouldn't you ask this to
him when he is back. my Bey?
Both the council
and words are over.
Get the council feast prepared
for the Beys immediately.
Aykurt. bring doctor to me.
As you order my Bey.
You have a voice in the
council. Malhun Hatun.
But your words should have
been the voice of the state.
Not a mother's voice
who felt sorry for her son.
Your grief about one son...
shouldn't cast a shad w over
your happiness about your other son.
Sahinshah Bey. my son
Alaeddin got what he deserved.
As to your duty.
Orhan Bey isn't dead vet.
Congratulations about
your new title. Alaeddin Bey.
I have no doubts that you
will be worthy of your title.
I wish you had a heart
to defend your brother.
I'll get a glorious funeral for
Octavius like he deserved.
At least as splendid
as your father's.
As long as Orhan and Osman don't
swing on a rope on the city walls of Bursa.
no ceremonies will matter.
You're right. We are
deeply grieved.
However. Bursa is safe as long as
they don't find out where the tunnel is.
Orhan wouldn't leave
his victory unfinished.
You three. come with me.
Dog feels disturbed.
It means there is
something here.
Finally! We found
the tunnel entrance.
We hould inform
our Bey quickly.
You came a long way.
You can't leave so fast.
Surround them
Are there any other men around?
Are there any other
men around? Speak!
Search the field!
Leave nobody alive!
You did a good job.
Unfinished job as long
as Orhan isn't among them.
The soldiers watching our back on the
way were under your command right?
My apologies. sir
Look at me!
From now on. you all
have to be more careful!
The tunnel is the
last chance for Bursa!
Let's go talk to Boran and ask
him if he got inside through here.
Remove these bodies! If
Orhan's men see the bodies.
they will know the
tunnel is here! Come on!
Sahin hah Bey.
congratulations about your duty.
-Alaaddin Bey ongratulations.
-EyvAllah.
-Congratulations. my Bey.
EyvAllah. Thank you.
Turahan Bey. Temurboga.
You look disturbed
since the council.
Is it appropriate for
Beys to look like that?
When Malhun Hatun showed
up. I got ashamed of myself.
That's why. Sahinshah Bey.
My mother defended my brother's right. And my
father did what the justice requires. Turahan.
That's it.
InshaAllah. Sahinshah Bey
won't let us down. Alaeddin Bey.
Did I ever let you
down. Temurboga?
Trying to cause unrest
when we should stand united?
Don't you talk to me about
causing unrest. Sahinshah!
If you have words to say. you
should have said them inside!
This is causing unrest!
Watch your words. Sahinshah.
Enough!
If you appear b fore
me with such noise again.
I will punish you all!
Sari Halil!
Halime. did my facc get wound d
in the battle and you didn't tell me?
People don't recognize me
They ignore and stay
away from you. my Bey.
Someone put the blame of Bursa defeat
on you. People may be upset about that.
Both victory and
defeat are from Allah.
They seem
embarrassed. not upset.
That's weird.
We'll find out soon.
Brother.
Welcome my Bey.
Everyones es m but only
you welcomed me. Cerkutay Bey.
Welcome. brother.
Thank you. brother. What is the matter?
Since I came back. everyone has
run away from me as if I were a leper.
Where have you been. brother?
How could you disappear right
before the council without informing?
I can see the feast. which
means the council is over.
Let me fill my stomach first.
Brother. I asked where you have been.
What's the haste. brother? Calm down.
Osman Bey made important
decisions in the council.
Considering he did that without
me. they must be very important.
Osman Bey...
assigned Alaaddin
Bey as his regent.
Congratulations brother.
Congratulations
about being the regent.
I'm sorry just because we can't be
together in the army camp any longer.
You.
Won't be inth army
camp anymore. brother.
And you think you can know where
the alps should stand. Alaeddin?
Oh. brother...
Osman Bey dismissed you
from commanding. brother.
What? What are
you saying. brother?
And he assigned Sahinshah
Bey as the commander instead.
Now tell me. Where did you
go before the council. brother?
Brother. tell him.
I was going after
the enemy. Alaeddin.
I thought my brother would
defend me in the council.
What did you do. Alaeddin?
What did you say while my father
sacrificed me in the council. Alaeddin?
Nobody can talk against
father's words. brother.
You know that.
Except Malhun Hatun.
She is a mother after all.
It seems my mother spoke with the heart
of a mother and the mind of the state.
And you Beys?
You;
How could you keep silent?
You should have informed me...
and attended
the council. brother.
Keeping silent means
showing your side. brother.
You showed your side.
This is not a good
place. my Beys.
You're right. Cerkutay Bey.
This is not a good place.
-Are you mad. brother?
-Get out of my way.
-Brother!
-Get out of my way!
Don't let your anger swallow
your brother Alaeddin Bey.
Right.
My feet are taking
revenge of years from me.
What revenge are
you taking. doctor?
Rub it slowly.
What is it?
Are you here to
sew with sword...
what was cut with an order?
I'm not talking to you as your son Orhan but
Orhan Bey who was your commander for years.
What's the reason
why you did this to me?
You couldn't capture
Bursa. I kept silent.
I though Orhan must
hav an explanation.
But there is no explanation for
not attending the council. Orhan.
-There is an explanation.
-Quiet.
You should have said
your words before you left.
I couldn't. my Bey
You didn't listen to me.
You should have
talked to your brother.
Or your mother.
Or your Beys whose
opinions you asked for!
And they would have told you that
nothing is more important than the council.
What did you achieve by leaving except
justifying the Beys who says you are bull-headed?
You harmed both yourself and me.
You went to Bursa
in a wrong time.
And I lost Orhan.
You left the council in a wrong
time and lost the command.
From now on.
you are just an alp.
Don't!
Don't take another
step. brother.
The sword you gave me as the present
with the mission of conquest years ago.
You think I'm not worthy.
Take it. my Bey.
I'm ready to accept
whatever comes from Allah...
and to be your sacrifice.
What Alaeddin?
You got concerns
about your brother?
Get out.
I'm ready to accept whatever comes
from Allah and to be your sacrifice.
Brother.
For a moment. I thought...
You thought what?
That I'd take ba k with sword
what was taken with an order?
I know the times
you got mad. brother.
Brother Orhan. Brother Alaeddin.
Stay out of my way.
I will stay out of your way.
Come Halil. come.
That day when we were
cutting off the road in Bursa...
a branch of Kayi s great plane
tree was cut off at the council.
I know my Bey.
I know but.. if that branch is cut off. it
is to make sure it comes back stronger.
You see the men that wander around that
tree with axes in their hands right. Halil?
Yes my Bey.
I do.
I also see the men that are trying to make
that axe look good and make Osman Bey hold it.
Then why doesn't
my father see it Halil?
Where does my brother look while
my father looks at the other way?
What do you see that
I don't see? Tell me.
My Bey. You also know.
Everyone is afraid
of facing disunion.
Sahinshah's Beys...
-after Bursa...
-We will not let them cause that disunion.
We won t let them cut another...
branch or flower off
of that tree anymore.
We won't let the ones
outside or insid ...
do that.
Let them ct like they
are forest guards. my Bey.
We will keep walking on our way.
EyvAllah.
Where are you headed to my Bey;
I will get rid of the dust and soil that
has settled on me in the tribe. Halil.
Keep being my
eyes and ears here.
Always look ahead my Bey. I
will always stand behind you.
EyvAllah.
Tell me.
Did your brother take
you there with him...
or did you set out
on your own after him?
He didn't even know. father.
He was going to bring the good
news about his victory to you.
What victory?
-He didn't tell you right?
-What didn't he tell me. Halime?
He must've remained
silent out of respect. father.
Apparently. he didn't
want to offend his father.
Halime. why would he do that?!
In Gemlik. he defeated the army
that was sent from Constantinople!
He didn t tell you that he found the
harbour that sent Bursa food and weapons!
He didn't tell you that he ruined Bursa's
secret treasure and ammunition. father!
Good.
It would be fitting for him to hand
over the command with such a victory.
He carried out his duty
until the very last moment.
From now on. his duty...
will be serving
me like an Alp.
My brother did not
deserve this. father!
Only I can decide if he
deserves more or less.
Leave now.
My father's dream came true.
The knife he put on my
throat was able to cut.
He sacrificed his son...
and the efforts made for
years with a blind dagger.
Where is your sword?
I gave it back to its owner.
Your father gave it to you so
you could open Bursa's gate with 1it.
My father can hand it
to its n w owner now.
My father dismissed you. But
did that really make you give up?
I am struggling with Beys at my table on
one hand. with my brother on the other hand.
I cannot do it with that sword.
So that this is a new battle.
my sword must be new as well.
-So you won't give up on Bursa.
-Never.
I will take Bursa and the sword
that I gave back to my father.
With my own methods.
Even if I am left alone.
You are not alone.
Do not tell anything to
Kasim and Suleyman.
I entrusted them
to groom Aykurt.
So they wouldn't
hear the others talking.
You did well. They
should hear it from me.
Was this supposed to be the reward
for what my brother did mother?!
My brother has not slept
on a soft bed for years!
What is my father
trying to do. mother?!
Bursa is my brother s
reason to live!
My brother will not give up on
Bursa. Doesn't my father know that?
He won't give up.
My Orhan is
stubborn like his father.
My daughter who carries
embers in her heart... Come here.
Calm down.
What did you say at
the council. mother?
Did you defend my brother?
Did you think I
would remain silent?
I told them what was
the right thing to do.
I also won t remain silent I'll
follow my brother wherever he goes!
No... You won't take a
step unless I allow you to.
What is it? Are you
surprised. Halime?
It's because I joined the
battle without letting you know.
Are you going to yell at me
like my father did. mother?
You joined that battle
without my permission.
You entered your father's
tent without my permission!
When are you going
to listen to me. Halime?
What is it then?
Should I have left my
brother alon in the war?
You are being stubborn.
You get in trouble and you are
dragging your sisters with you.
Mother I am
the head of sisters!
-I and my sisters deserve to fight
on the battlefield! -Not anymore.
I dismissed you.
You are not the head
of sisters anymore.
Mother...
What are you saying? Don't.
From now on. you will not leave
this tribe unless I allow you to.
Don't worry. it s not going
to be this way forever.
It's until a Bey whom I consider appropriate
comes and takes you as his bride.
-Mother ..
-Now sit and start preparing your dowry.
Your hands must not hold
swords but embroider now.
You split this great tribe in two
with one word of yours. Osman Bey.
Your Alps. Boys.
daughters-in-law.
What if it doesn't stop growing.
That sword belonged
on the battlefield.
That sword would open
the gates of Bursa for us.
The sword...
The sword is in its place.
The one who deserves it...
will come and take it.
Osman. Osman?
Open your eyes! Open your eyes!
Osman!
Did he speak?
He will speak.
-Are you leaving?
-Yes. I am leaving.
I should not keep
Governor Temurtas waiting.
Thanks to him...
Osman will lift the
siege around Bursa.
Do you trust that Temurtas?
When the swords become silent in
war. interests begin to speak. Flavius.
Governor Temurtas...
does not want
Osman to get stronger.
And we don't want Bursa to lose.
Whether Temurtas convinces
Osman or not. I don't care.
I will take the revenge of
my father and brother. Saroz.
When the right time comes...
you will attack
the headquarters.
Take this. merchant The
goods you brought are good.
Orhan destroyed the
shipment coming to Bursa
Don't worry. merchant. There
won't be a problem. Don't worry.
Are these your men?
Come on. my valiants!
Burn everything you see!
Damn it! Turks!
Defend the goods!
Defend them!
I need him alive.
do not kill him.
I've never left any of them
survive until now. brother!
Balaban!
Are you going to
let others mock me?
It's a sin to mock with someone
who has lost his mind. brother.
Don't worry no
one will talk about it.
Come on. stop being stubborn.
Alright.
The world I just a handful of soil
for us. We will surely meet again.
Listen to me carefully! Go and
tell th dogs that guard Bursa...
From now on. every shipment going
to Bursa will be destroyed in a fire...
and every soldier
will meet death.
Go now!
Orhan Bey's coming.
-My Bey is here.
-Father.
Come here. my sons.
They say you aren't the commander
anymore Is that right father?
You don't have your sword.
I ouldn't stop them
my Bey. They heard.
Dark news spreads
fast they say.
Right. I'm not the
commander anymore.
But I will keep fighting
for your grandfather.
When it's time. so will you.
Does my grandfather not love
you because you lost. father?
-Kasim.
-Orhan Bey!
Let's practice on
the horse. boys.
Orhan Bey Osman Bey
ish't well. He blacked out.
Father.
What happened. mother?
He was fine before
you came to the tent.
It seems you burned his
hearts with your words.
Watch your words. Alaeddin.
Enough! You are in the
presence of your father.
Your father blacked
out. burning in fever.
Father.
Father?
Malhun.
My sons.
I'm fine. I'm fine.
-Thanks to Allah.
-What happened. father?
It's nothing. Orhan.
I said I'm fine.
You are fine.
Osman.
We are all going
through hard times.
Yet father hasn't been eating since
he got the news about Bursa. Alaeddin.
You can see nothing but yourself.
How did you even see the father. Gonca;
Watch your words.
Gonca. Nilufer. Get out.
Are you Cerkutay the
blacksheep of Mongolians?
I'm Cerkutay.
Osman Bey's fellow.
Why did you come?
I'm the mes enger of Temurtas Noyan.
the heir of the great Ilkhanid State.
Wow. wow. wow.
I will talk to Osman Bey.
Follow me.
My Bey.
The messenger of Ilkhanid
Governor Temurtas Noyan is here.
He wants to see you
What should I tell him?
-Get me up.
-Father.
I can talk to him if
you let me. my Bey.
We should welcome him.
Bismillahirrahmanirrahim.
Let's see what they want.
My Allah. give him strength.
We've brought Germiyan Bey's greetings
and what he promised for the governor.
No need for counting.
It s incomplete
again. How do I know?
The shame on your face.
As you know. Osman. He holds
the trade routes blocked for years.
-Orhan doesn't let any carriages pass...
-Enough!
Every time. on your knees. With
the same excuses and same excuses.
We have spared
your lives so far.
So you wouldn't complain
about Kayi but deal with them!
And what do you do?
What do you do?
Karesi. Karesi...
He is being a pirat!
You th other beys are
conflicting with each other.
And what i1s Orhan
doing in the meantime?
He is seeking more conquests!
And Turkmen Beylics
hearing that he got victorious...
run to Osman's Beylic.
I didn t call you over to make
you pay your tax of few coins..
But tell you to pull
yourselves together!
Either you will stand
united against Osman...
or you will vanish under
the feet of Ilkhanid horsemen!
Speak. messenger.
I've brought greetings from Temurtas
Noyan. the governor of Ilkhanid.
Aleykum selam.
He wants to talk about both the siege of
Bursa and the trad routes that you blocked.
Tomorrow. he will be waiting for you in
Cavdar Tribe in the Germiyan border.
Well... My father will
declare his decision shortly.
You wait outside.
Father.
-Osman Bey.
-Father. are you alright?
Father. you cant
go meet him hike this.
Someone has to go.
As the regent of
mine in the meeting.
Alaeddin and
Sahinshah will be there.
Bring the doctor immediately!
Governor Temurtas if
the Ilkhanid rmy help us...
Bursa managed on
their own. On their own!
But all you Beylics
can't manage!
Then you beg for an
army from Ilkhanate.
Is that so? Is that?
There is only one
favor I can do for you.
Removing the siege.
And reopening the trade routes.
So you an also
earn money as before.
pay your taxes.
and reinforce army or do
whatever you want with the money left.
Alright.
While my poison is
flowing inside Osman's tent.
this table where Kayi
accept whatever I say...
will have important
guests soon.
Very important.
And I d cide
who will be invited.
Sahinshah hit the road
with Alaeddin at dawn.
As you order my Bey.
Who will take the command in the
headquarters during my absence. my Bey?
Cerkutay.
It's your duty.
-As you order. my Bey.
-Come on. what are you waiting for here?
Everybody get to work.
Let's go. Sahinshah Bey.
Orhan.
Bring Boran to me.
As you order. my Bey.
I want to see him
alive before me.
My Bey will be
alright. Orhan Bey.
He will get better
when Boran Bey is here.
What if he gets worse when he
sees my companion s lifeless body?
We don t even know
if he is alive or dead.
You killed my father!
You killed my brother!
Your father was injured!
Osman Bey treated his
wounds with his own hands!
That's a lie.
Cerkutay Bey...
I hope Boran Bey is alive. I am
sure Flavius will want to use him.
We will bring him here alive. or
we will bring Saroz' head here.
My Bey. what are you saying?
My Bey...
I... I don't...
I don t know what to say or think. Should
I be happy about my brother's survival?
Should I be upset
about my Bey's sickness?
Or your dismissal...
We will not lose our
hope. Cerkutay Bey.
Osman Bey s test is not
just for me. but is for all of us.
And I am sure we
will get over this.
I just need to know
who is by my side.
I will always be by
your side. my Bey.
Thank you.
The headquarters
is entrusted to you.
Boran Bey is entrusted to me.
Let's set out. We
will think on the way.
Greetings to you. Ilkhanate's
precious Governor Temurtas!
We have no tim to
lose with greetings!
Come and sit here. Saroz.
Doesn't someone who defended
Bursa alone for so many years..
Deserve a better
welcome Temurtas?
Why?
I invited you to my table.
What else do you want. Saroz?
Look.
Do you see Turk Beys' envoys there? They are
standing there and watching us in a helpless state.
Just be ause you defeated Orhan alone. do you
consider yourself equal to the Ilkhanate's governor?
I am not here to
see their ugly faces...
I am here to see
Osman s old face...
wrinkled with
defeat. Governor Bey.
Unfortunately. Unfortunately..
Neither Orhan nor
Osman won't join us Saroz.
Orhan fell out of
favor thanks to you.
And Osman is in his
deathbed thanks tom.
So who will Kayi
send to this lion's den?
The sheep named Alaeddin?
Thank you for all
this bother. Temurtas.
But I..
Am going to wait
for tasting the sheep.
What are you saying. Orhan?
He dismissed you first. Now
Is he sending you to death?
That was maybe the
last request of my father.
I will find Boran.
Dead or alive.
All this happened just when
Temurtas came to the frontiers.
Is there something you suspect?
The doctor...
He was acting different. He was wearing
gloves as he was applying the ointment.
I've never seen that before.
We have known him for a very long
time. He helped us for many times but..
I know. I know but..
I want you to watch out.
My Bey... We are
ready. We can leave.
Investigate this matter. The kids
and my father are entrusted to you.
Ilkhanate will hear
the help cries of Bursa.
The siege will be lifted. the
trade routes will be opened.
So. when we leave this tabl ...
what will happen to the
dark clouds over Bursa. Saroz?
They will disappear.
What if those dark clouds
are over the Ilkhanate..
Temurtas.
I don't understand.
Osman blocked your Silk Road.
Orhan blocked the
path of their Beys.
With the few gold
coins you ve collected.
you can only set up such a table.
let alone an army. right Temurtas?
What you gave me wasn't
a gift. it was out of necessity.
I will erase the Kayi
tribe from history.
Orhan's defeat. Osman's
illness. our alliance.
I ok if you fail.
I will go my own way.
I'm the only one who
has ever defeated Orhan.
Thanks to my
commander Flavius ..
I can destroy their headquarters
and defeat them again.
Without needing you.
So show me your strength.
May you go safely. my Bey. InshaAllah
you will succeed in your new duty.
Do you know what
my duty is. Aykurt?
My Bey... Even if you don't have a
duty. you will be the most success...
Duties do not determine
positions. Aykurt.
Orhan Bey will
always be Orhan Bey.
EyvAllah.
Where are you going. Orhan Bey?
I and the Alps have
been fighting for years.
I deserve asking for their
pardon right. Alaeddin?
Sure you do. brother.
Our pardon is also halal to you.
You did at the council.
And you prayed for me. I heard.
Your father prays. we can
just say 'Aameen". Orhan Bey.
Don t you know my father
brother? He made his decision.
I know you are hurt.
But this decision...
will never overshadow
your victories and conquests.
Your shadow also must
not be over Bursa now.
-I am saying that be ause I care about you.
-Don't worry Sahinshah Bey.
From now on. Bursa will b yours.
mountains and valleys will be ours.
We are here. my Bey!
May you go safely. brother.
You too brother..
Brother.. Even if we go
in different directions...
we will both follow the path
my father leads. InshaAllah.
It's better than facing each
other on the same path. brother.
May Allah be with you.
Continue giving the medicines I
prepared earlier. Malhun Hatun.
Won't you prepare
a new medicine?
There is no need for now.
What do you mean?
My father was recovering.
Why did he suddenly
get weak like this?
There is nothing to worry
about. It s how this illness is.
It gets stronger and weaker.
But you used to say different
things before. Doctor Efendi.
Is there something
you're hesitant to tell us?
Nilufer Hatun.. This
Illness requires a good rest.
But our Bey never stops.
He is tired.
It's not just..
Nilufer. alright.
Doctor Efendi is doing
his best. We can leave.
Aunt...
What happened? You
were questioning the man.
Your brother thinks that...
your father's iliness getting worse right when
he was about to meet Temurtas was not a coincidence.
Did they make my father si kb cause
they didn't want him to go to that meeting?
He was alright in the morning.
It all happened in a short time.
Now Alaeddin and Sahinshah
will go to that meeting.
The only person who can get
close to my father is the doctor.
We will follow him.
InshaAllah Orhan is not right.
We'll start firing soon.
Have the catapults repaired.
What are they doing here?
We will see now.
Selamun al ykum.
Aleykum selam.
May it be good Orhan Bey.
Didn't our Bey dismiss you?
What are you doing here? Where
is our Commander Sahinshah Bey?
Your Commander Sahinshah Bey...
with the duty given
by my Osman Bey..
Went to Cavdar tribe And he
gave me this duty to represent him.
And my Orhan Bey is here to say goodbye
to the Alps and ask for their pardon.
All our rights are
halal to you. my Bey.
May it be halal. my Bey.
And since he is her already...
he will be my guest in
my tent until his Alps return.
Orhan Bey. Come. my Bey.
How could he come
all the way to her?
His Alps are here as well.
He will leave soon.
If he tries to stay. we
will show him the way.
My Bey is in the tent.
He is in the tent..
But the tent does not
belong to him anymore.
My Bey. What is happening?
We don't understand anything!
Our Orhan Bey has a more
important duty now. Balaban.
Now listen to me carefully..
We will get in Bursa.
take Boran Bey and leave.
Cerkutay Bey will..
Go to the city walls at night and offer
Saroz ten captives in exchange for Boran Bey.
They won't give him
back to us. my Bey.
Boran Bey is the man
closest to Osman Bey.
They will want to cut him into
pieces and learn what he knows.
That's what I told Orhan Bey.
And he said it was right.
He said I was going to insist and
they wouldn t give him back to us.
The bargaining would
become Intense...
and when the
attention is on me...
At that moment. the four
of us will sneak in the castle.
We can do that. my Bey. How?
We will enter Bursa
Castle from the cliff side.
They will be unwary because they
believe there will be no attack from there.
When Orhan Bey sent
Boran Bey he sent me along...
so I could see
where he entered.
My Bey. should you
reconsider it? I am still worried.
What if what happened to
Boran happens to you too?
I put Boran Bey in that difficult situation Either
I will save him from there. or I will die in there.
are weighed down
by the siege. Hatun.
And th state of the
treasury is not good.
We have no other choice
than conquering Bursa quickly.
Here.
Thank you Hatun. Health to your
hands. BismillahirRahmaniRahim.
You are right. Alaeddin.
But... Now Sahinshah Bey...
Is it your
disposal. Alaeddin.
What are you
trying to say. Hatun?
I am trying to say that
he will be protecting you.
If Orhan was here. you wouldn't
know what would happen.
As my father's iIllness
got worse each day...
may Allah bless him.
he gave you your duties.
Besides...
my father saw
the strength in you.
He ntrusted the Beylic to you.
You and Sahinshah Bey...
will strengthen our Beylic and
take Bursa with Allah's permission.
Watch out for Malhun
Hatun and Halime. alright?
If only you could see how angry she was
when she first heard the news. Alaeddin...
I wonder what she
said at the council..
Right...
She is acting like I am a man who
would steal something from his brother.
Towba astaghfirullah.
Allah is my witness. Hatun...
I just want the
well-being of our state.
I know.
I know you are not worried about
anything else. my Alaeddin Ali.
But apparently. Malhun Hatun
will take Orhan Bey's side.
And we will be left alone.
No. Don't worry Hatun.
I have the Beys behind me.
Come on! Sir they are here.
Well. well. well...
Selamun aleykum.
Why are you here?
To die in Bursa. again?
To talk and to
make an agreement.
Give Boran to me...
and I will give you your
ten soldiers back in return.
I will give Boran back
to you after he speaks.
I mean. his dead body.
This is the place. my Bey.
Keeping Boran
will not help you...
you cannot make him speak.
And he won't speak anyway.
You might be right.
But I can make you suffer
by keeping Boran here.
Right?
What does Osman
Bey say about this?
Cut it short. Will you
give Boran back to us...
or not.
-Let us go and save Boran.
-Come on.
Bismillah.
You killed my brother.
I will have my
revenge sooner or later.
However!
My soldiers are valuable to me.
How ever ten
soldi rs for Boran..
-is a little too few.
-What?
-What do you want?
-Twenty.
Twenty?!
Twenty of my soldiers for Boran.
Twenty.
My patience has
its limits. Cerkutay!
Say what you will.
My Bey. I hope you
are insid already.
Alright! You have a deal.
Prepare Boran.
I will ome back with twenty
of your soldiers tomorrow.
InshaAllah Orhan Bey made it.
Come on.
Sir. Boran is an important captive.
We had things to learn from him.
Who said I will give him up?
Bursa. Dream of my father.
Future of my people.
It is my destiny.
I will have you one day.
Not with climbing your walls.
The day I will walk
through your doors is near.
-My Bey you are right they are after something.
-We will find out.
Let us save Boran Bey first.
His fever does not go out.
My father will be alright
with our prayers. inshaAllah.
Tell me. healer. Did he
get worse in my abscense?
My Bey. it got a little
worse from time to time.
I gave him gypsophila and
urtica as you ve commanded.
I also gave him the
ointment you gave.
That fall flower you put in the
ointment. put three grams more.
I will take care of my father
myself when I come back.
As you command my Bey.
BismillahirRahmanirRahim.
I do not wish to
leave my father.
I am with him.
You lead the Beylik
with your brother.
That will satisfy
your father the most.
Change the vinegar
water often. mother.
Do not worry.
Also. be careful of that
Temurtas and his tricks.
Do not worry. mother.
Strength to your
elbow Sahinsah Bey.
BismillahirRahmanirRahim.
Does Orhan Bey say
anything about this matter?
He congratulates and
wishes ongoing success.
Is his saying and ideas
are the same. you think?
It does not matter at
this point Sahinsah Bey.
My father gave th order.
The duty is ours.
As long as we support each
other. we will overcome this duty.
EvelAllah.
As long as your
brother stays peaceful.
My brother is brave and
valiant. Sahinsah Bey.
He does not put
obstacles on Beylik's way.
He only harms himself.
And that is my concern.
May Allah grants everyone..
A brother like you and a
leader like you to every Beylik.
EyvAllah. Sahinsah Bey.
However. this is no time
to boast but to start working.
My brother may not have
succeeded. however..
My father's dream
will be real. inshaAllah.
InshaAllah.
Come on then.
And where is Orhan Bey?
He went to say goodbye.
And still haven't come back.
-Put on your disguise.
-My Bey.
What if soldiers recognize you?
Allow me to enter the
dungeon in your stead.
Your mind is needed
outside come on now.
I do not wish to
call evil. however..
What if Osman Bey dies?
My Allah prevent. Hatun.
However. preventing
this clash is a must.
Otherwise. slanders will go on.
Alaeddin is leading now.
The throne is his
right after Osman Bey.
And when he has you at his back.
EvelAllah he can
handle the burden.
Alaeddin is obedient.
He will histen to words.
When he sits on
the throne tomorrow.
He will count my
orders as his. However..
The fact that he does
not have a successor.
Prevents him.
And opens Orhan's way.
You go and convince Gonca Hatun.
The situation is different now.
There is no time to wait.
Find a hatun that will
give Alaeddin sons.
Gonca is smart.
She will think of
his bey's future first.
I will make that happen.
And hurry about
Fatma situation also.
We will ensure our
moves from all sides.
Let Gonca be convinced first.
Fatma will follow.
And the rest will be up to me.
Malhun Hatun will
want Osman Bey..
to see her daughter's child.
I trust you.
Come on then. take care.
Favius' new idea of fun
They are dumb.
They think they can
sneak in a city like Bursa.
We have brave
soldiers like you and me.
Nothing will escape from us.
Who knows what
will Flavius do now.
Take that one to the prison
and let us go on with our duties.
-No on informed us.
-Flavius is after a great duty.
Our word is his.
You an go and ask
himself if you wish.
No need. Alright.
we will take him.
Move. quick!
Orhan.
Look here son.
My Hatun hasn't missed me a bit.
None at all?
If Orhan Bey Is so curious..
He should tell first.
Did he miss me?
Then I won't say.
I missed you a lot.
However make this easy for me.
Look here. So you are
getting fed up. Orhan Bey?
However. I never get fed up.
From waiting for
you. missing you.
I never get tired
of loving you also.
My dear.
You will leave again.
How will I wait for you?
Even when we're
not together here.
I am always with you
and you are always with me.
And this is the proof.
The remnants of my heart.
Come back again alright?
Always come back to me.
I love you.
I love you more.
My Allah.
Protect my Orhan.
So this was a trick.
Orhan is at Bursa. He came
in the same way Boran did.
Find Orhan!
Leave fast..
And come back quickly son.
My Osman.
My valiant Osman.
Are you tired?
Or could I not..
Help you with your burden?
Ar you leaving me..
Like this?
This tribe breathes through you.
If you leave..
Who will breathe..
And who will
resist in these lands?
Your sons. of course.
One is fire the other is water.
They are of your heart..
Of your heart..
Both of them are more
ambitious more persistent than you.
However. fire and water.
Can not stay together.
What if you sons clash..
After you depart?
No.
No. they will not.
They grew up with your dreams.
Now. their only aimis to
make that dream a reality.
Do not worry. my Bey.
I will not have them separated.
I will not allow it.
Never.
Turk!
Do not die until you speak.
Is he dead?
Open the door!
Turk.
Boran. I'm here.
The keys are with Flavius.
We'll see to it. don't worry.
They will ambush the encampment.
So that's what h
was preparing for.
Orhan! Go!
-Leave me here. go save yourself!
-I will not leave without you.
I will be back Boran Bey.
Octavius is my brother. Orhan.
His death was your
biggest mistake.
Your turn will come too.
We'll see.
Attack!
My valiant!
Find them!
The city is al rted.
They're everywhere.
Cerkutay Bey.
They will attack the
encampment during the deal.
What is my Bey writing?
-Here. send it.
-Yes. my Bey.
Bismillah.
They are her!
-Come on.
-They're running!
They're heading to the walls!
Hands off.
What a pleasant
coincidence. Tekfur Saroz!
So you realised Bursa will fall
upon you and took shelter here?
Bursa is there and I am here.
Both of us..
Are standing here. Sahinsah.
We welcomed Orhan there
and wanted to welcome you here.
Alaeddin Bey.
Sahinsah Bey.
The discussion..
Will take place..
In this feast. that
we set up for peace.
Allah Allah. Ilkhanids talk
about peace and all that.
If the sun rises from west..
Qiyamah must be
close. right. Sahinsah Bey?
We wanted to see Osman Bey also.
Why is he not here? Is he ill?
Osman Bey is quite alright.
His health is well
and still leading us.
And he send his son Alaeddin..
For State matters.
You talk about alliance
and peace. Temurtas.
However our neighbours. our
brothers. Germiyanids Karesi..
You are making
them wait on foot.
That is not suitable.
Alright So you
wanted to just jump in.
Good very good.
I am not the reason
why Beys stand like this.
You are disrupting their trade
and they can not pay their taxes.
We gathered here in this feast..
To find solutions
for these Beys.
Byzantine and Ilkhanids together here
thinking about troubles of Turk Beys.
Here's another omen of Qiyamah!
You're right. Sahinsah Bey.
We can solve that amongst
ourselves when the time comes.
Tell me about your troubles.
As we have a lot to do.
I am the only thing you
should be concerned about.
You are here in these lands.
because we allow you to.
Do not forget
that. Alaeddin Bey.
We can pay the rent.
For now. right?
We've heard that O man
barely pays his tax..
Because of his
ambition of Bursa.
Barely or not. why
would that concern you?
The siege..
Will end at once.
They got away.
Bring Boran to me.
They took the bait. my Bey.
They are the ones
throwing the bait.
Flavius will attack the
encampment during the deal.
You will lift the
siege immediately...
and you will open
th way for the caravans.
Here we go ..
Here we go. Let's cut it short.
There is no need to drag 1t out.
Sure sure. those
will all happen.
Once Bursa falls.
You kept selling this dream to
everyone for years. Sahinshah Bey.
This is a dr am that
will never com true.
I mean. you taking Bursa.
Therefore. keep
your eyes open.
And see the truth! Orhan
saw it. now it's your turn.
Right... right. Orhan saw Bursa.
But.
Bursa has not seen me.
With the authority
Osman Bey has given me...
I will take Bursa.
And with the
strong that Jesus...
gave me. I will defend
Bursa until the end.
A we defend Bursa.
you will all lose.
Then the matter is solved.
We talked and
we decided to fight.
Weigh your words. Alaeddin.
The battle will go beyond Bursa.
Is that so?
Where will it go Temurtas?
To Memluk?
You ar saying things
you shouldn't. Alaeddin.
In these lands...
I decide what happens.
You do not see th army
greater than you before you.
You united with Saroz and
now are standing against us!
Apparently. you have included these
Beys in this dirty alliance by threats.
You are standing in
the way of blessed gaza.
And you will pay for
this in the hereafter!
A defense of Bursa has caused an
earthquake in the ground under your feet.
If we blow once more...
I am afraid no one
will be able to stand.
We are about to get caught. my Bey.
We have to find somewhere to hide.
What re we going to do. my Bey?
Dumrul. break th door! Come on!
Just as my
grandfather Ertugrul and
my father Osman stood against every wind
blowing from the east and west for centuries...
we too will stand
tall. evelAllah.
Continue blowing until
your last breath. Saroz.
Continue.
Let's go Sahinshah Bey.
This is the order of
the Khan of Ilkhanate.
You can only leave this table...
By making peace.
Alaeddin.
You are making a
mistake Alaeddin.
You are making a big mistake.
If my Khan brother
gets on his horse..
He will turn these
lands into a bloodbath.
Some will drown. some will...
get thrown away.
We will see who will drown
and who will be thrown away.
EyvAllah now.
No. no. no...
No... It will be easier to defeat
Alaeddin than his brother.
You will thank me everyday because I
made Orhan lose his command. Temurtas.
And for Sahinshah...
We have prepared
a well planned trap.
This is going to b over.
Either with peace...
or with Kayi blood!
No one is here. my Bey.
The house is empty my Bey.
My Bey... You said
Flavius was going to attack.
How will he do that?
During the prisoner exchange. he will turn
the quarters towards Boran Bey and attack.
May Allah damn his line.
What about his captive soldiers?
He won't care about his soldiers because he wants
to take the revenge of his father and brother.
And he won't let Boran Bey live.
How are we going to save Boran Bey?
And we have to save ourselves as well.
During the prisoner exchange.
we will abduct Boran Bey.
Three of us. We will
leave this place freely.
Three of us?
One of us will have to
take Boran Bey's place.
Any volunteers?
Don't worry. If things don t go as
planned. I will not leave you behind.
-We'll stay my Bey.
I will stay. -We will stay my Bey.
One of you One of you
needs to stay in Bursa.
Dumrul. I remember
you speak Greek well.
EvelAllah my Bey.
Find out from which hole they
enter and exit Bursa. my valiant.
We'll leave soon.
And you will wait here
until things calm down.
How are we going to
communicate. my Bey?
The same way we
communicated with Boran Bey.
As you order. my Bey.
How did...
you let that wild horse run away
from you. tell me. Halime Hatun.
Would I ever let a horse run away
from me? It's because of a horse thief...
Don't be sad. You
can find another one.
MashaAllah.
Right... If that horse thief
stands before me again...
then I will make him
regret what he did.
Should I be scared now?
You ar that horse thief!
Sheis till alling
us horse thief.
The horse chose its owner
Did you forget. Bey's daughter?
Patience.. Patience.
What are you here to say?
I am a passenger.
I go wherever my way takes me.
My way brought me here.
Are you lunatic?
You have so many
things to call me.
But I was here to make peace.
You are a Dervish then.
We hit a stone wall. huh? I am
here to give you back your trust.
The horse was yours.
You were quite
determined that day.
What changed now?
I thought about it. I
thought you deserved it.
Did I make a mistake?
Do you not want it now?
If I deserved it. it is mine.
Really though. Don't
you have a place to go.
No.
-What do you do?
-I take care of horses.
Sergeant Aykurt!
Yes Halime Hatun.
You should think about this man.
If you think he can work well...
he will ask for my father's
permission and work with you.
What is his name?
True. what was your name?
Dursun.
Dursun.. Hold this
saddle and come.
Come on.
I increased the
amount as you said.
But too much of it is harmful.
You know that too. Didar Hatun.
-Then may Allah forbid...
-Do not worry about that.
Do as I say. that'll
be enough. Go now.
My valiant..
What happened?
Something happened to you.
Is that what I am
guessing it is?
Don't worry. Until
Osman Bey recovers..
I will open the
way for that matter.
Once Fatma comes. then InshaAllah...
Mother. sh doesn't even know about me.
She will know about
you. my son. She will.
Even if everything goe
right. you know what happened.
My father taking
up this position...
So?
What if Orhan Bey
objects because of this?
Nothing will happen.
Don't worry... I will make
your dreams come true.
Just be patient.
my son. Alright?
Come on.
If Saroz was not ornered. he
would not try to make peace with us.
Beys do not want
us to get stronger.
They made an alliance with the
enemy because they were helpless.
Since Ilkhanate is
gathering wheatgrass...
they are scared
of us. it's obvious.
You did well there. Alaeddin.
What about Temurtas's face
when you asked. " To the Memluk?’
Osman Bey will be proud of you.
With Allah's permission we
will pass the walls of Bursa...
and build the
new world order.
With Allah's permission. we will
reach our target. Sahinshah Bey.
-We brought news from Orhan Bey. my Bey.
-Orhan Bey?
Take precautions at h adquarters.
there will be an attack. he says.
We would never let our
guard down during war anyway.
Alright but... Where did
he get this information?
It's Orhan's own reasoning.
His mind never
stops. You know that.
He still thinks about the siege.
That's where we
part ways. Alaeddin.
You go to the tribe. I'll
go to the headquarters.
We will do our own duties.
Do not leave your
father alone. Safely.
May Allah help
us. Sahinshah Bey.
Safely.
Alps! Come on!
BismillahirRahmaniRahim.
Ya Shafi.. Ya Shafi.. Ya Shafi..
Can I come in?
Come in.
Excuse me. Didar Hatun.
I need to drink this
on time to have a baby.
May it be shifa. my daughter.
Thank you. You know...
Our prayers are always with
you. We want you to have a child
Alaeddin is the
hope of this Beylic.
I sec how Sahin hah
Bey supports Alaeddin.
Thanks to him.
Sure. Sure we will support him.
We understand each other.
Did my mother talk
about a Hatun again?
No.
She is worried about
my Osman Bey now.
My daughter. I am going
to say the same thing.
If you don t want your husband
to marry another Hatun...
I can prevent it.
But..
It's different now.
The Beys...
will not want Alaeddin on the chair
because he does not have an heir.
And this will serve Orhan.
So you are telling me to take my heart
out of my chest. is that true. Didar Hatun?
Your heart is sealed
onto the heart of Alaeddin.
No one can take it out.
But I am saying that...
if he has to marry
another Hatun...
you should
choose her yourself.
You should pull the
strings in th first place.
It is easy for you to say.
How am I going to do that?
Tell me. How?!
How am I going to let someon
else marry the man I love..
No. No. I cannot
do that. I cannot.
Gonga. for th
future of the Beylic.
If we can marry Fatma
and Yigit as well..
Then Alaeddin will have
his sister's support as well.
We will have let my
Yigit start a family...
and strengthen
Alaeddin's Beylic.
It's too hard.
It's a difficult test...
That's why it's
on your shoulders.
Only you can overcome this!
Just say yes to me...
I will always
stand by your side.
Think about this carefully.
Alright my daughter?
Safely now.
They're getting
ready for the deal.
Let them. our job
Is hard either way.
Hurry. Flavius is coming.
Careful.
Attacking the en ampment
during the trade.
What a genius plan. Flavius.
We still need to be cautious.
Orhan is in Bursa.
I can feel it.
Then. he is trapped.
We will not let him escape.
You go. Boran is
my job. Do not worry.
I will not let the murderers..
Of your father live.
Still. there's something
I need to learn from him.
Bring him.
Soon. you will meet with
your loved ones. Boran.
How ver I will
ask you a question.
And you will answer the truth.
Alright.
How did you kill my father?
Look. commander.
As I've told you before.
Yes your father was our enemy.
However he was a brave man.
Osman Bey healed
him in his own tribe
A good lie.
How long will you listen
to this nonsense Flavius?
Continue.
When we took
your father captive..
They ate together with my Bey.
I remember that day well.
There was no game..
Nor a bread to be shared.
We ate a wounded horse together
Flavius.
Then?
Then. my Bey wrote a letter
and gave it to your father.
To have him deliver
to your Emperor.
Then. he let your father go.
Enough!
Come her.
Look here. you
killed my best friend!
And now you Lie!
Look. if I didn't need you..
I would've killed you
right her! You dog!
I will go to my tribe soon.
Why should I lie?
Commander!
Take care of your soldiers.
Take are of your soldiers.
Take him away!
Take him!
Take your father's..
And your brother's
revenge Flavius.
Destroy that ncampment..
Today.
Boran.
My brother. Are you alright?
He is well. He
was never this well.
You hospitality is
unmatched. InshaAllah..
We will host you
when we take this city.
Alright Watch your words!
I will save you. brother.
There the soldiers you wanted.
I don't want any troubl.
Do not worry there
will be no trouble.
No way.
Send the captives first.
before we release Boran.
Do not.
Do not try to play any tricks.
Send them.
Release Boran!
Give it here.
Damn it!
Brother!
My brother!
-Are you alright?
-I'm alright.
You're here!
Open the gate.
No mercy!
Kill everyone atth ncampment!
I was waiting for you!
Flavius
Good news! Boran Bey i1s with us!
Damn it. Boran.
We're here. alhamdulillah!
Archers!
Draw!
Attack
Release!
Nock! Release!
Protect Flavius!
Fall back!
Nock! Release!
We are saved from a great
clash thanks to you. my Bey.
Everyone shall
be a witness that..
You are the man for
the job. Sahinsah Bey!
May you prosper. my Bey
The previous defeat wouldn't
have happened if you were leading.
May you prosper. my Bey.
My Beys! The siege can continue!
Precaution is an
armor against all tricks!
We shall move with firm steps..
And take the city..
From infid is!
-InshaAllah my Bey!
InshaAllah.
Long live Sahinsah Bey!
The tribe talks too much
now that my father's silent.
Those who praised my brother
yesterday. now speaks against him.
They think those who are
without a duty are weak.
However. do not worry.
They will all see
the might of Orhan.
What about Alaeddin?
What is he trying to do?
H left Orhan alone!
Hatun. healer left his tent
to tend to the wounded.
The time is now Hallme.
We will go and check
out healer's tent.
If he did any mistakes.
he must ve left a trace.
Come on.
There are news from Bursa.
The only n ws that
puts a smile to my face.
The blow Saroz
struck against the Kayi
Send word to Bursa.
Tell to send Flavius here.
We will discuss the war that
will be declared towards Kayi.
Bring the scholar.
You wait outside.
Welcome. healer. My mother..
Wants to come and check
My rather his evening.
Of course. I visit him everyday.
Now. If you allow me.
He went beyond the
tents. Should I follow him?
He is heading to tell
news. There s no need.
Let us go and
inform Malhun Hatun.
So that we could not
make an agreement here...
so that we could not
defeat each other there..
Then. it is time to water...
Kayi's lands
with blood. You...
gather your armies.
we will arm you.
Go now! Why are you still here?!
Write. The Great Khan of...
Great Ilkhanate State. As you
ordered. I made Osman got ill.
I forced the other Beys to
make an alliance with us.
I called Kayi to my
feet to lift the siege.
But..
They arrogantly refused.
I began my duty here by poisoning
Osman and leaving the Kayi leaderless.
If necessary. I will order all
the oth r Beys to attack them...
and end my duty here...
by cutting their heads off.
Come on! Come on!
You are alright. right?
Let the doctor see you.
I am an old man. my Bey.
Nothing will happen to
us with Allah's permission.
Come on now. Let's not
keep Osman Bey waiting.
I can t understand. This doctor
has been with us for over a year.
May Allah forbid. if they
wanted to do something...
Wouldn't they kill him?
They don't want to take
our Bey's life. Malhun Hatun.
They want to disrupt
the unity of our Beylic.
They want to cause division.
-Selamun aleykum. -Aleykum selam.
Boran Bey!
Thanks to Allah.
you r turned safely..
-Thanks to Allah.
-Boran...
-Get well soon
-Get well soon.
EyvAllah... Malhun Hatun.
how is my Bey? Is he alright?
Thanks to Allah. he will get
even better after he sees you.
You were right again brother
The doctor was a traitor.
That traitor was hiding
a pigeon in his tent.
We followed him with Halime.
We saw him sending a pigeon.
Where is he now?
We did not do anything so you
could do what was necessary.
My Orhan. Come on.
Boran Bey. He will pay
for his betrayal for sure.
But first. he must
serve our cause.
We will be patient
before we kill him.
MashaAllah. Thanks to
your efforts. Bride Hatun.
Your Bey is waiting for
you Boran. Come on Orhan.
Look who I brought for you.
My Bey...
Open your eyes and look at me.
Look. your companion is here.
Your friend is here. my Bey.
Let me kiss your
blessed hand. my Bey.
Boran?
May Boran sacrifice
himself for your way. my Bey.
Thanks to my Orhan
He saved me from there.
I saw you once
again in this life...
now death won't hurt me.
-Father... -My Bey!
-Father!
-Orhan. what is happening? My Bey!
-Father?
-My Bey! Open your eyes. my Bey!
Father.
-My Bey. don't! My Bey!
-Father Father!
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm